Re-arranging the documentation (#148)
nephio-project/docs: content/en/docs/guides/install-guides/install-on-multiple-vm.md

  * 4 vCPU
  * 8 GB RAM
  * Kubernetes version 1.26+
  * `kubectl` [installed ](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl-linux/)

>   * **Ingress/Load Balancer**: [MetalLB](https://metallb.universe.tf/), but only internally to the VM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * **Ingress/Load Balancer**: [MetalLB](https://metallb.universe.tf/), but only internally to the VM

```
For consistency in the list

  * `kubectl` [installed ](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl-linux/)
* `kpt` [installed](https://kpt.dev/installation/kpt-cli) (version v1.0.0-beta.43 or later)
* `porchctl` [installed](https://github.com/nephio-project/porch/blob/main/docs/porchctl-cli-guide.md) on your workstation

## Installation of the management cluster

### Automatic installation of the management cluster using the sandbox Ansible script

Override the default Ansible values and run the installation script in 
`test-infra\e2e\provision\init.sh` by changing the k8s.context with your

```
kubectl config get-contexts
```

then run:

```bash
export NEPHIO_USER=$USER
export ANSIBLE_CMD_EXTRA_VAR_LIST="k8s.context=kind-kind kind.enabled=false host_min_vcpu=4 host_min_cpu_ram=8"

curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nephio-project/test-infra/main/e2e/provision/init.sh | sudo -E bash
```

### Manual Installation of the management cluster using kpt

- [Common Dependencies](/content/en/docs/guides/install-guides/common-dependencies.md)
- [Common Components](/content/en/docs/guides/install-guides/common-components.md)

## Manual Installation of the Edge cluster using kpt

> All the workload clusters need config-sync, root-sync and a cluster git repository to manage packages. Below steps you have to repeat for each workload cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the workload clusters need config-sync, root-sync and a cluster git repository to manage packages. The below steps have to repeated for each workload cluster:

```

  * 4 vCPU
  * 8 GB RAM
  * Kubernetes version 1.26+
  * `kubectl` [installed ](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl-linux/)
  * **Ingress/Load Balancer**: [MetalLB](https://metallb.universe.tf/), but only internally to the VM
* Cluster Edge
  * 2 vCPU 1 NODE
  * 4 GB RAM
  * Kubernetes version 1.26+
  * `kubectl` [installed ](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl-linux/)
* `kpt` [installed](https://kpt.dev/installation/kpt-cli) (version v1.0.0-beta.43 or later)
* `porchctl` [installed](https://github.com/nephio-project/porch/blob/main/docs/porchctl-cli-guide.md) on your workstation

## Installation of the management cluster

### Automatic installation of the management cluster using the sandbox Ansible script

Override the default Ansible values and run the installation script in 
`test-infra\e2e\provision\init.sh` by changing the k8s.context with your

```
kubectl config get-contexts
```

then run:

```bash
export NEPHIO_USER=$USER

> export ANSIBLE_CMD_EXTRA_VAR_LIST="k8s.context=kind-kind kind.enabled=false host_min_vcpu=4 host_min_cpu_ram=8"

Reviewer 2: @arora-sagar Is this captured in a the user provided environment varaibles table?

Author: @vjayaramrh This was already there I did add it, though I tried to run the script and frankly I failed so I am not sure if it is correct.

kpt live init configsync
kpt live apply configsync --reconcile-timeout=15m --output=table
```

### Create Git Repository

Create a repository for your cluster either in your git provider or in gitea. 

> If you want to use Github or Gitlab then follow below steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use GitHub or GitLab then follow below steps

```

> Get a [GitHub token](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/managing-your-personal-access-tokens#fine-grained-personal-access-tokens) if your repository is private, or allow Porch to make modifications.

Reviewer: I'm confused by the "or allow Porch to make modifications" portion of this step. Perhaps it's me being newer and not understanding, but should there be some clarification here? How would that be done?

Author: I left it how it was earlier, I suppose it should be "to allow Porch to make modifications"

Reviewer: Right, I think that probably makes more sense in this context

     branch: main
     auth: none
```

> If need credentials to access repository your repository then 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need credentials to access your repository then 
```

> copy the token name from previous section and provide it in 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
copy the token name from the previous section and provide it in 

```

`./rootsync/rootsync.yaml`

```yaml
spec:
  sourceFormat: unstructured
  git:
    repo: <http url of your edge repo>
    branch: main
    auth: token
    secretRef:
      name: <TOKEN-NAME>
```

Deploy the modified root-sync

```bash
kpt live init rootsync
kpt live apply rootsync --reconcile-timeout=15m --output=table
```

If the output of `kubectl get rootsyncs.configsync.gke.io -A` 

> is similar as below then root-sync is properly configured. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is similar to the following then root-sync is properly configured. 

```
